Add one page for rotating keys for Fluid Relay (#124110)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-fluid-relay/how-tos/rotate-fluid-relay-access-keys.md

---
description: Learn how to rotate Azure Fluid Relay access keys
title: Rotate Azure Fluid Relay access keys
ms.date: 08/13/2024
ms.service: azure-fluid
ms.topic: reference
---

# How to rotate Fluid Relay Server access keys

> This article provides an overview of managing access keys (tenant keys) in Azure Fluid Relay. 

Reviewer: Should add here a simple explanation of why and when readers should rotate a key.

## Primary / Secondary keys

> Customers use the access keys to sign access tokens used to access Azure Fluid Relay resources, and Azure Fluid Relay uses the keys to validate the tokens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers use the access keys to sign the access tokens that are used to access Azure Fluid Relay resources. Azure Fluid Relay uses the keys to validate the tokens. 
```

> Two keys are associated with each AFR resource: a primary key and secondary key. The purpose of dual keys is to let you regenerate, or roll, keys, providing continuous access to your account and data. 

Reviewer: Does "resource" mean "service"? If so, let's use "service". The term "resource" has many meanings in the Azure world.

> Two keys are associated with each AFR resource: a primary key and secondary key. The purpose of dual keys is to let you regenerate, or roll, keys, providing continuous access to your account and data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two keys are associated with each Azure Fluid Relay resource: a primary key and secondary key. The purpose of dual keys is to let you regenerate, or roll, keys, providing continuous access to your account and data. 
```

## View your access keys

### [Azure Portal](#tab/azure-portal)

> To see your access keys, on the left menu select **Settings**. Then, select **Access Keys**. Select the **Copy** button to copy the selected key.

Reviewer: We need to specify how they get to this screen. If they only have to open the Azure portal, then the following will do it. But it there are more steps, please add them.

```suggestion
To see your access keys, open the Azure Portal and on the left menu select **Settings**. Then, select **Access Keys**. Select the **Copy** button to copy the selected key.
```

> :::image type="content" source="../images/rotate-tenant-keys.png" alt-text="A screenshot of the access keys page on the Azure portal.":::

Reviewer: This image looks like a blank form. It would be more useful if it showed an actual Access Keys page for some AFR service.

Author: It is the real Access Keys page. I just replace the secret part with placeholders.

Reviewer: > It is the real Access Keys page. I just replace the secret part with placeholders.

That's what I mean. I think it would be more usefull if it had actual (but fictional) values rather than placeholders. For example, is the tenant id a string or a GUID or something else?

Author: Updated image

### [PowerShell](#tab/azure-powershell)

> To retrieve your access keys with PowerShell, call the [Get-AzFluidRelayServerKey](/powershell/module/az.fluidrelay/get-azfluidrelayserverkey) command. 

Reviewer: Something has to be installed to PowerShell first or it won't recognize this command. Please specify what it is. Link to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/install-azps-windows?view=azps-12.2.0&viewFallbackFrom=azps-12.0.0&tabs=powershell&pivots=windows-psgallery

```azurepowershell
Get-AzFluidRelayServerKey -FluidRelayServerName <Fluid Relay resource name> -ResourceGroup <resource group> -SubscriptionId <subscription id> 
```

### [Azure CLI](#tab/azure-cli)

> To retrieve your access keys with Azure CLI, use [az fluid-relay server list-key command](/cli/azure/fluid-relay/server?view=azure-cli-latest&preserve-view=true#az-fluid-relay-server-list-key).

Reviewer: Does this CLI need to be installed? If so, give instructions how to (or link to instructions).

```azurecli
az fluid-relay server list-key --resource-group <resource group> --server-name <Fluid Relay resource name> 
```

## Rotate your access keys

> Two access keys are assigned so that you can rotate your keys. Having two keys ensures that your application maintains access to Azure Fluid Relay throughout the process. You should rotate one of two keys at one time to avoid service interruptions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two access keys are assigned so that your Azure Relay Service does not have to be taken offline when you rotate a key. Having two keys ensures that your application maintains access to Azure Fluid Relay throughout the process. You should rotate one of two keys at one time to avoid service interruptions. 
```
